---
title: '2021-01-27'
created: '2021-01-27T18:17:35.554Z'
modified: '2021-01-27T19:06:26.124Z'
---

# 2021-01-27
# Getting my digital content organized

This is my first entry in my own personal digital diary. Yes - its public (its on a public github repo), but no one really know about it. So it serves my purpose. While all other guides will be organized based on their TOC - this one notebook is more of a journal which is organized by time.

I am already loving the process of using markdown for most of my writing. MD is simple and allows you to focus on the content while giving most of the features that we need for putting down our thoughts. I plan to use MD for all the guides that I want to put up at the asthrasoft.com website. The [Notable app](https://notable.app/) is the closest app that I feel most comfortable writing on.

However, there are a few limitations of the app. The first is the fact that it uses the first line of a note as the file name. This limits my ability to have file names that are different from the actual title. This is the one point that is hurting me quite a bit right now. The next limitation I find in MD is the absence of a multi-page notebook with a TOC generator. I am hoping that I can use some workaround to enable that too as part my MD content process. (In a sense both of the above are connected - I need file names to link to from a TOC even if I change the title. I also need the tile to actually be visible in the TOC)

Assuming that I live with the above limitations, I can now use this app for building out "Guides" on my website. My website will then feature - posts, videos and guides as links from different social media. Posts and videos already have ID, title and a thumbnail. Here too I would need an image and a title for my guide (can I take the guide name from the folder?) and the main _toc.md page which is a TOC and a basic main page.

Do I have enough to put up guides - I believe so!!!


