---
title: 01.00 - Overview of the Solution Scenario
created: '2020-12-30T12:41:26.124Z'
modified: '2020-12-30T12:56:38.694Z'
---

# 01.00 - Overview of the Solution Scenario

One of the set of AR/VR technologies available is the ability to create a virtual agent - which looks like a real person and embed them into a scene and have them interact with end users. This concept can be used in many different ways

* Conducting mock interviews for jobs and academia.
* Interviewing for visa applications, loan applications, new account opening etc - as part of various services
* Asking more indepth and involved questioning for assessments - health, expertise etc

Before we jump into the various scenarios, lets us spend sometime under standing the technology set around it and its capabilities. Then we will circle back and talk of the various ways that the technology can be enhnaced and mapped to different real-life scenarios.

To begin with - any interview/conversational process had a few common interfaces.
* We start with a scene and a host/agent which gives us a background and initiates a conversation with the user - by asking a question.
* The user responds to the question and this response is captured in some form and shape.
* The agent can now go through a series of fixed questions - this is usually used as an initial screening for healthcare or a pre-screening for interviews.
* Later - which is a bit of a challenge - is to now hold a contextual conversation with the person - where the questions/comments from the agent are based on the user's responses.

So lets look at how we would go about building a virtual reality based conversational interview platform.
