---
title: 03.00 - Functional scope and story line
created: '2020-12-30T12:55:48.203Z'
modified: '2021-01-05T03:18:32.462Z'
---

# 03.00 - Functional scope and story line

The key idea is to create a conversational interview pattern. This would involved

1. Creating a space our a UI where mock interviews can be conducted. This is a one time simulation for each domain (more can be done later). 
2. Creating the actors (agents) who are part of the panel interviews
3. Attaching personas and behaviors to them - note : each actor can have different personas. One persona might be up-tight and focus on "current affairs" while another personal might be jovial and focus more on "historically significant events"
4. The behaviors should be seperated out from the actor. For now, the behavior is driven by the "conversation text". Later the behavior can be modified independently too.
5. Current interview transcripts will be collated and tracked as a Question and Answer list. Ideally, in most cases, there is a question followed by and answer and then another question. (No answers can be marked as silent. Multiple questions/answers can be grouped together as one).
6. The Questions will be tagged with a "topic" and "complexity". This allows us to switch the topic and also switch the complexity and have an interview graph.
7. Answers will be transcribed and the interview will be video recorded to ensure that we are capturing the data and not loosing the context
8. Assessments will be different from the actual interview process.
